              OpenAS2 Server
              Version 2.0.0
              RELEASE NOTES

The OpenAS2 project is pleased to announce the release of OpenAS2 2.0.0

The release download file is: OpenAS2Server-2.0.0.zip
The zip file contains a PDF document providing information on installing and using the application.

This release is an enhancement and bug fix release that includes compatibility testing with other AS2 systems:
  1. Add support for custom HTTP headers
  		- configurable static headers as name/value pairs in the partnership
  		- configurable dynamic headers with header values set from parsing the name of the file to be sent
  2. Fix generator encoding for compression, encryption and signing
  3. Support configurable control of canonicalization when signing
  4. Support overriding digest "sha-1" algorithm name in signing to use "old" name without dash ("sha1")
  5. Support AES128, AES192, AES256 ciphers
  6. Support disabling the CMS algorithm protection OID for older AS2 systems that do not support it
  7. Added "Troubleshooting.." section to documentation

Upgrade Notes:
  1. Canonicalization may affect existing working partnerships in prior versions of OpenAS2 if using a content transfer encoding other than "binary".
     If the partnership stops working then add the following attribute to the partnership:
  		        <attribute name="prevent_canonicalization_for_mic" value="true"/>
  
Java 1.5 or later is required.
NOTE FOR JAVA 1.5: Prior to java 1.6, the Javabeans Activation Framework is NOT included in the standard Java install. Download the 1.1.1 version and extract from the zip file from this web page: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javasebusiness/downloads/java-archive-downloads-java-plat-419418.html#jaf-1.1.1-fcs-oth-JPR
The activation.jar must be placed into the “lib” folder of the OpenAS2 server install and added to the class path in the shell or batch file as appropriate.


Historical list of changes: see the changes.txt file in the release package
